Add a new section to the SlotFill reference to show how to conditionally render Fills . (#64807)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/slotfills/README.md

 * The component to be rendered  as part of the plugin.
 */
const RestrictPostTypes = () => {
	// Retrieve information about the current post type.
	const { isViewable, postTypeName } = useSelect( ( select ) => {
		const postType = select( editorStore ).getCurrentPostType();
		const postTypeObject = select( coreStore ).getPostType( postType );
		return {
			isViewable: postTypeObject?.viewable,
			postTypeName: postType,
		};
	}, [] );

	// The list of post types that are allowed to render the plugin.
	const allowedPostTypes = [ 'page' ];

	// If the post type is not viewable or not in the allowed list, do not render the plugin.
	if ( ! isViewable || ! allowedPostTypes.includes( postTypeName ) ) {
		return null;
	}

	return (
		<PluginDocumentSettingPanel
			name="custom-panel"
			title={ __( 'Restrict Post Types Example' ) }
			className="custom-panel"
		>
			<p>
				{ sprintf(
					__(
						'Only appears on Post Types that are in the allowed list. %s'
					),
					allowedPostTypes.join( ', ' )
				) }
			</p>
		</PluginDocumentSettingPanel>
	);
};

registerPlugin( 'example-restrict-post-types', {
	render: RestrictPostTypes,
} );
```

### Restricting fills to the Side Editor

> To restrict fills to the Site Editor, the reverse logic is true. If the post type object’s `viewable` property is set to `true`, then the fill should not be rendered. The example below will render its content on any Site Editor screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict fills to the Site Editor, the reverse logic is true. If the post type object's `viewable` property is set to `true`, then the fill should not be rendered. The example below will render its content on any Site Editor screen.
```
